# Surfo-api

Surfo

Tours

GET Get All Tours
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/tours

GET Get Tour
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/tours/{tourId}

POST Create New Tour
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/tours

PATCH Update Tour
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/tours/{tourId}

DELETE Delete Tour
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/tours/{tourId}

Users

GET Get All Users (admin)
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/users

GET Get One User (admin
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/users/{userId}

PATCH Update User (admin)
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/users/{userId}

DELETE Delete User (admin)
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/users/{userId}

GET Get Current (logged in) User
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/users/me

PATCH Update Current (logged in) User
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/users/updateMe

DELETE Delete Current (logged in) User
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/users/deleteMe

POST SignUp
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/users/signup

POST Login
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/users/login

POST Forgot Password
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/users/forgotPassword

PATCH Reset Password
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/users/resetPassword/{token}

PATCH Update My Password
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/users/updateMyPassword

Reviews

GET Get All Reviews
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/reviews

GET Get Review
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/reviews/{reviewId}

POST Create New Review
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/reviews

PATCH Update Review
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/reviews/{reviewId}

DELETE Delete Review
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/reviews/{reviewId}

Reviews on Tour
GET Get All Reviews on Tour
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/tours/{tourId}/reviews

POST Create Review on Tour
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/tours/{tourId}/reviews

Reviews on User
GET Get All Reviews on User
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/users/{tourId}/reviews

Comments
GET Get All Comments
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/comments

GET Get Comment
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/comments/{commentId}

POST Create Comment
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/comments

PATCH Update Comment
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/comments/{commentId}

DELETE Delete Comment
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/comments/{commentId}

Comments on Tour

GET Get All Comments on Tour
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/tours/{tourId}/comments

POST Create Comment on Tour
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/tours/{tourId}/comments

Comments on User

GET Get All Comments on User
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/users/{userId}/comments

Bookmarks

GET Get All Bookmarks
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/bookmarks

GET Get Bookmark
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/bookmarks/{bookmarkId}

POST Create New Bookmark
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/bookmarks

DELETE Delete Bookmark
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/bookmarks/{bookmarkId}

Bookmarks on User

GET Get All Bookmarks on User
https://surof-api.onrender.com/api/v1/users/{userId}/bookmarks
